I try not to do videos that are just "look at this thing",
but...
Look at this thing!
This is Bounce Below at the slate caverns in Blaenau Ffestiniog in Wales.
It's three enormous trampoline nets, on three levels, in a slate cavern.
And there are...
...people above me...
...and...
...people below me.
I'm standing above a 100 foot drop, on a trampoline.
I try not to do videos that are just: Look at this thing, but...
...this is incredible!
There are ladders, and chutes, and slides made of netting.
If you're scared of heights, this may not be the thing for you.
But whoever thought of installing trampolines, and ladders, and chutes in a slate quarry in Wales:
You are a genius!
It's like a cathedral made with netting, and it's amazing!
There's a chute, I can drop down here...
...it's just a hole in the net.
Oh boy!
[SCREAMING]
I'm doing that again!
So there you go...
I'm exhausted, that was "Bounce Below"...
There's nothing you should've known here, just somewhere you really should go to.
[Subtitles by Herr Gamer.
Translating? Add your name here!]